Add missing meta descriptions (#235)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/reference/method/MongoDBCollection-distinct.txt

MongoDB\\Collection::distinct()
===============================

.. meta::

>    :description: Find distinct values for a specified field in a MongoDB collection using the `distinct()` method, with options for filtering and additional parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Find distinct values for a specified field in a collection with the MongoDB PHP Library, with options for filtering and additional parameters.
```
